Created Deploying Nuxt.js with Now (#560)
zeit/docs: pages/guides/deploying-nuxtjs-with-now.mdx

import Guide from '~/components/layout/guide'
import { TerminalInput } from '~/components/text/terminal'
import { InlineCode } from '~/components/text/code'
import Caption from '~/components/text/caption'
import Note from '~/components/text/note'
import { GenericLink } from '~/components/text/link'
import Card from '~/components/card'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Deploying a Statically Generated Nuxt.js app with Now',
  description: 'How to deploy your Static Nuxt.js app with Now',
  published: '2019-03-19',
  authors: ['developerayo'],

>   url: '/guides/deploying-spa-nuxtjs-to-now',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  url: '/guides/deploying-nuxtjs-with-now',
```

  image:
    'https://og-image.now.sh/**Deploy%20a%20Static%20Nuxt.js%20App**%20With%20Now.png?theme=light&md=1&fontSize=75px&images=https%3A%2F%2Fassets.zeit.co%2Fimage%2Fupload%2Ffront%2Fassets%2Fdesign%2Fnow-black.svg&images=https%3A%2F%2Fpbs.twimg.com%2Fprofile_images%2F1090208956440633345%2FOkg4uYbh_400x400.jpg&widths=250&widths=auto&heights=undefined&heights=350',

>   editUrl: 'pages/guides/deploying-spa-nuxtjs-to-now',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  editUrl: 'pages/guides/deploying-nuxtjs-with-now',
```

  lastEdited: '2019-03-19T01:01:52.000Z'
}

> Nuxt.js is an open-source Vue.js-based framework that provides different rendering modes, one of which is to statically generated your application. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Nuxt.js](https://nuxtjs.org/) is an open-source Vue.js-based framework that provides multiple different rendering modes, one of which allows you to statically generate your application. 
```

> In this guide, we will cover how to deploy a Nuxt.js application with [ZEIT Now](/docs/v2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, you will learn how to create and deploy a Nuxt.js application with [ZEIT Now](/docs/v2).
```

> ## Step 1: Set Up Your Nuxt.js project using `create-nuxt-app`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 1: Set Up Your Nuxt.js Project
```

The first step in setting up your new Nuxt.js project is to generate it with [`create-nuxt-app`](https://nuxtjs.org/guide/installation/#using-code-create-nuxt-app-code-):

<TerminalInput>
yarn create nuxt-app my-nuxt-app
</TerminalInput>

<Caption>Initializing a Nuxt.js project with <InlineCode>create-nuxt-app</InlineCode> and <GenericLink href="https://yarnpkg.com">Yarn</GenericLink>.</Caption>

> With your Nuxt.js project initialised, move into the directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With your Nuxt.js project initialized, move into the directory:
```

<TerminalInput>
cd my-nuxt-project
</TerminalInput>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<Caption>Using the <InlineCode>cd</InlineCode> command to move into the project directory.</Caption>

```

With the following command, you can start a local development server to see your Nuxt.js app up and running:

<TerminalInput>
yarn dev
</TerminalInput>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<Caption>Starting a local development server with the <InlineCode>yarn dev</InlineCode> command.</Caption>

```

> ## Step 2: Deploy Your Nuxt.js Project to Now

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 2: Deploy Your Nuxt.js Project With Now
```

> With your Nuxt.js application set up, it is ready to deploy live with [Now](/docs/v2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With your Nuxt.js application set up, it is ready to be [deployed](/docs/v2/deployments/basics/) with [Now](/docs/v2).
```

If you have not yet installed Now, you can do so by installing the [Now Desktop app](/docs/v2/getting-started/installation/#now-desktop) which installs Now CLI automatically, or by [installing Now CLI](/docs/v2/getting-started/installation/#now-cli) directly.

> For the deployment to build and act as you would expect, you need to create a [`now.json` configuration file](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/configuration) file to instruct Now on how to build the project with a `build` step:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, create a [`now.json` file](/docs/v2/deployments/configuration) to instruct Now on how to build the project with a `build` step:
```

```json
{
  "version": 2,
  "name": "my-nuxt-project",
  "builds": [
    { "src": "package.json", "use": "@now/static-build" }
  ]
}
```

<Caption>
  A sample <InlineCode>now.json</InlineCode> configuration file that defines the builds and routes.
</Caption>

This `now.json` file achieves a few things:

> - Defines a `version` property to ensure you are using the latest [Now 2.0 platform](/docs/v2/platform/overview) version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Defines a `version` property to ensure you are using the latest [Now 2.0 platform](/docs/v2/platform/overview) version
```

> - Defines a project `name` that your deployments will be sorted under and known by under Now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Defines a project `name` that your deployments will be sorted under and known by under Now
```

> - Defines a `builds` property as an array with one build step using `@now/static-build` to instruct Now to statically build the project and deploy the `dist` directory. Using the `package.json` file as an entrypoint, more on that below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Defines a `builds` property as an array with one build step using `@now/static-build` to instruct Now to statically build the project and deploy the `dist` directory
```

> <Note>

Reviewer: Please remove this note, `node_modules` are not uploaded by default.

Author: Resolved.

  Don't forget to exclude the <InlineCode>node_modules</InlineCode> folder from
  being uploaded to Now to enable faster deployment. To do that, add a{' '}
  <GenericLink href="/guides/prevent-uploading-sourcepaths-with-nowignore/">
    .nowignore
  </GenericLink>{' '}
  file to the root of the project directory and add{' '}
  <InlineCode>node_modules</InlineCode> to it.
</Note>

> Next, you will have to add a now-build script under package.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, add a now-build script to your `package.json` file:
```

```json

"scripts": {
   "now-build": "nuxt build --spa"
}

```

> Your app is fully ready to be deployed to now:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<Caption>Adding a <InlineCode>now-build</InlineCode> script to your <InlineCode>package.json</InlineCode> file.</Caption>

Your app is fully ready to be deployed to now:
```

<TerminalInput>
now
</TerminalInput>

> Once the app is deployed, you will receive a deployment URL similar to the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<Caption>Deploying your project with just a single command.</Caption>

Once the app is deployed, you will receive a deployment URL similar to the following:
```

https://nuxt-app-f2ee248v9.now.sh/

> You can check out my deployed GitHub repo [here](https://github.com/Developerayo/nuxtjs-app-to-now).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

import Guide from '~/components/layout/guide'
import { TerminalInput } from '~/components/text/terminal'
import { InlineCode } from '~/components/text/code'
import Caption from '~/components/text/caption'
import Note from '~/components/text/note'
import { GenericLink } from '~/components/text/link'
import Card from '~/components/card'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Deploying a Static Nuxt.js app with Now',
  description: 'How to deploy your Static Nuxt.js app with Now',
  published: '2019-03-19',
  authors: ['developerayo'],

>   url: '/guides/deploying-nuxtjs-to-now',

Author: Resolved

  image:
    'https://og-image.now.sh/**Deploy%20a%20Static%20Nuxt.js%20App**%20With%20Now.png?theme=light&md=1&fontSize=75px&images=https%3A%2F%2Fassets.zeit.co%2Fimage%2Fupload%2Ffront%2Fassets%2Fdesign%2Fnow-black.svg&images=https%3A%2F%2Fpbs.twimg.com%2Fprofile_images%2F1090208956440633345%2FOkg4uYbh_400x400.jpg&widths=250&widths=auto&heights=undefined&heights=350',
  editUrl: 'pages/guides/deploying-nuxtjs-with-now.mdx',
  lastEdited: '2019-03-19T01:01:52.000Z'
}

Nuxt.js is an open source JavaScript framework, it's basical purpose is for UI rendering. Nuxt.js also has the ability to build a Static Generated Vue.js App because they belive it could be the next big step in development of Web Applications using microservices, Nuxt.js also support developing Single Page Applications (SPAs).

In this guide, we will cover how to deploy a Nuxt.js application with [ZEIT Now](/docs/v2).

## Step 1: Set Up Your Nuxt.js project using the `create nuxt-app`

> Yarn

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The first step in setting up your new Nuxt.js project is to generate it with [`create-nuxt-app`](https://nuxtjs.org/guide/installation/#using-code-create-nuxt-app-code-):
```

<TerminalInput>

> yarn create nuxt-app your-project-name

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
yarn create nuxt-app my-nuxt-app
```

</TerminalInput>

> <Caption>Installing Nuxt create-nuxt-app to the system with <GenericLink href="https://yarnpkg.com">Yarn</GenericLink>.</Caption>

Reviewer 2: This is wrong.
```suggestion
<Caption>Initializing a Nuxt.js project with <InlineCode>create-nuxt-app</InlineCode> and <GenericLink href="https://yarnpkg.com">Yarn</GenericLink>.</Caption>
```

Reviewer 2: We need to also touch on the options that Nuxt.js comes with. For example, it's _necessary_ that the user picks "Single Page App" as the rendering method, even just to avoid confusion. There's no need for a custom server, as another example.

Author: Agreed

> Now, my `create nuxt-app` is done installing, next you'll have to go into the app folder created to get started

Reviewer 2: We didn't install. We initialised.
```suggestion
With your Nuxt.js project initialised, move into the directory:
```

<TerminalInput>

> cd your-project-name

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
cd my-nuxt-project
```

</TerminalInput>

> Next, serve with hot reload at localhost:3000

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the following command, you can start a local development server to see your Nuxt.js app up and running:
```

<TerminalInput>

> yarn run dev

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
yarn dev
```

Author: Works also

</TerminalInput>

## Step 2: Deploy Your Nuxt.js Project to Now

> With your Nuxt application set up, it is ready to deploy live with [Now](https://github.com/docs/v2).

Reviewer 2: Wrong link
```suggestion
With your Nuxt.js application set up, it is ready to deploy live with [Now](/docs/v2).
```

If you have not yet installed Now, you can do so by installing the [Now Desktop app](/docs/v2/getting-started/installation/#now-desktop) which installs Now CLI automatically, or by [installing Now CLI](/docs/v2/getting-started/installation/#now-cli) directly.

> For the deployment to build and act as you would expect, you need to create a [`now.json` configuration file](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/configuration) file to instruct Now on how to build the project with a `build` step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the deployment to build and act as you would expect, you need to create a [`now.json` configuration file](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/configuration) file to instruct Now on how to build the project with a `build` step:
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: I'll fix up my nuxt guide to the new commits here and send a PR, so as to merge into now-examples

```json
{
  "version": 2,

>   "name": "your-project-name",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  "name": "my-nuxt-project",
```

  "builds": [
    { "src": "package.json", "use": "@now/static-build" }
  ]
}
```

<Caption>
  A sample <InlineCode>now.json</InlineCode> configuration file that defines the builds and routes.
</Caption>

This `now.json` file achieves a few things:

- Defines a `version` property to ensure you are using the latest [Now 2.0 platform](/docs/v2/platform/overview) version.
- Defines a project `name` that your deployments will be sorted under and known by under Now.
- Defines a `builds` property as an array with one build step using `@nuxtjs/now-builder` to instruct Now to statically build the project and deploy the `dist` directory. Using the `package.json` file as an entrypoint, more on that below.

> - Defines a `routes` property as an array that contains `route` objects to route all files under the `js`, `css`, and `img` directories to the right place whilst providing a fallback to `index.vue` for all other routes so that nuxt.js can handle routing internally.

Reviewer 2: A lot of this is incorrect. We're not using the `@nuxtjs/now-builder` and we don't have any routes in our config. Are they needed?

Author: The official `@now/static-build` has been put in place. No provisions for routes were made so it's not.

<Note>
  Don't forget to exclude the <InlineCode>node_modules</InlineCode> folder from
  being uploaded to Now to enable faster deployment. To do that, add a{' '}
  <GenericLink href="/guides/prevent-uploading-sourcepaths-with-nowignore/">
    .nowignore
  </GenericLink>{' '}
  file to the root of the project directory and add{' '}
  <InlineCode>node_modules</InlineCode> to it.
</Note>

Next, you will have to add a now-build script under package.json

```json

"scripts": {
   "now-build": "nuxt build --spa"
}

```

Your app is fully ready to be deployed to now:

<TerminalInput>
now
</TerminalInput>

Once the app is deployed, you will receive a deployment URL similar to the following:
https://nuxt-app-f2ee248v9.now.sh/

> You can check out my deployed GitHub repo [here](https://github.com/Developerayo/nuxtjs-app-to-now).

Reviewer 2: Please make a pull request to [now-examples](https://github.com/zeit/now-examples) with the directory name `create-nuxt-app` and link to there. This way, we can maintain it.

Author: Developerayo 4 hours from now  Author
I'll fix up my nuxt guide to the new commits here and send a PR, so as to merge into now-examples

Author: https://github.com/zeit/now-examples/pull/326#issue-263861423

## Resources

> For more information on working with Nuxt.js, please refer to [their documentation](https://nuxtjs.org/guide/installation/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information on working with Nuxt.js, please refer to [their documentation](https://nuxtjs.org/guide).
```

import Guide from '~/components/layout/guide'
import { TerminalInput } from '~/components/text/terminal'
import { InlineCode } from '~/components/text/code'
import Caption from '~/components/text/caption'
import Note from '~/components/text/note'
import { GenericLink } from '~/components/text/link'
import Card from '~/components/card'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Deploying a Nuxt.js app with Now',
  description: 'How to deploy your Nuxt.js app with Now',
  published: '2019-03-06',
  authors: ['developerayo'],
  url: '/guides/deploying-nuxtjs-to-now'
}

> Nuxt.js is an open source Javascript framework, it's basical purpose is for Ui rendering. Nuxt.js also has the ability to build a Static Generated Vue.js App because they belive it could be the next big step in development of Web Applications using microservices, Nuxt.js also support developing Single Page Applications (SPAs). Nuxt.js come with a lot of features that help developers develop apps around the client side and the server side.

Author: Ohh, I understand you, Done.

In this guide, we will cover how to deploy a Nuxt.js application with [ZEIT Now](/docs/v2).

## Step 1: Set Up Your Nuxt.js Project

> Install the Nuxt.js cli to setup a Nuxt.js project [official Nuxt CLI](https://nuxtjs.org/guide/installation/)

Reviewer 3: I think this can be better written as:

To set up a Nuxt.js project, use the [official Nuxt CLI](https://nuxtjs.org/guide/installation/).

Author: Corrected.

> You can either choose to use the NPM instllation

Reviewer 3: instllation => installation

Author: Done.

> <TerminalInput>npm add nuxt </TerminalInput>

Reviewer 3: We can remove the npm option and just focus on Yarn

Author: NPM has been removed

<Caption>Installing Nuxt-CLI to the system with <GenericLink href="https://www.npmjs.com">NPM</GenericLink>.</Caption>

or

Yarn

<TerminalInput>yarn add nuxt</TerminalInput>

> <Caption>Installing Nuxt-CLI to the system with <GenericLink href="https://yarnpkg.com">Yarn</GenericLink>.</Caption>

Reviewer 3: Nuxt-CLI => Nuxt CLI

Author: Corrected.

> <Caption>Installing Nuxt-CLI to the system with <GenericLink href="https://yarnpkg.com">Yarn</GenericLink>.</Caption>

Reviewer 3: Is there a particular reason why the [create-nuxt-app](https://github.com/nuxt/create-nuxt-app) is not used instead. ?
 The `create-nuxt-app` is recommended by the guide.

Author: Yea, that can be used.

Author: Switched

> Next step create a folder named `Pages` and inide tht folder create a file named index.vue

Reviewer 3: Once a user provisions a new nuxt.js app using the `create-nuxt-app`, we should also tell the user to `cd` into the newly created project. Clearer instructions help our readers.

Author: Alright, Noted!

Author: Indicated in the `create nuxt-app`

> Next step create a folder named `Pages` and inide tht folder create a file named index.vue

Reviewer 3: Next step => Next step,

inide => inside

tht => that

Author: All corrected.

<TerminalInput>

<template>

> <div>

Reviewer 3: I suppose this should be the content of `index.vue` ? This shouldn't be in `<TerminalInput>`. `<TerminalInput>` is for commands that you want the user to execute on their machine.

    <h1>How to deploy your Nuxt.js app with Now.</h1>
    <h3>Via ZEIT NOW</h3>
</div>
</template>

</TerminalInput>

> Move outside the `pages` folder and create a file named `nuxt.config.js`

Reviewer 3: The reader needs to know how to move out of the `pages` folder. And in what directory should the `nuxt.config.js` be created? root?

Author: yes

Author: Looking at the fact that I have switched to the `create nuxt-app` the `nuxt.config.js` is automatically created.

<TerminalInput>

export default {
  head: {

>     title: 'How to deploy your Nuxt.js app with Now'

Reviewer 3: Same as here. This is a JavaScript code. It should be like this:

```
```js
export default {
    head: {
        title: 'How to deploy your Nuxt.js app with Now'
    }
}
```

It shouldn't be in a `<TerminalInput>`

Author: :+1:

Author: I have switched to the `create nuxt-app`.

  }
}

</TerminalInput>

## Step 2: Deploy Your Nuxt.js Project to Now

> After all that is all done, your project is ready to be deployed to the now environemnt.

Reviewer 3: environemnt => environment

> After all that is all done, your project is ready to be deployed to the now environemnt.

Reviewer 3: > After all that is all done, your project is ready to be deployed to the now environemnt.

=>

With your Nuxt application set up, it is ready to deploy live with [Now](/docs/v2).

Author: :+1:

If you have not yet installed Now, you can do so by installing the [Now Desktop app](/docs/v2/getting-started/installation/#now-desktop) which installs Now CLI automatically, or by [installing Now CLI](/docs/v2/getting-started/installation/#now-cli) directly.

For the deployment to build and act as you would expect, you need to create a [`now.json` configuration file](https://zeit.co/docs/v2/deployments/configuration) file to instruct Now on how to build the project with a `build` step.

```json
{
  "version": 2,
  "name": "nuxtjs-project",
  "builds": [
    {
      "src": "nuxt.config.js",

>       "use": "@nuxtjs/now-builder",

Reviewer 3: I know this builder works, and was done by folks on the `nuxt` team, but I'd need to know if we should recommend this, cc @timothyis

Author: cc @timothyis

- Defines a `builds` property as an array with one build step using `@nuxtjs/now-builder` to instruct Now to statically build the project and deploy the `dist` directory. Using the `package.json` file as an entrypoint, more on that below.
- Defines a `routes` property as an array that contains `route` objects to route all files under the `js`, `css`, and `img` directories to the right place whilst providing a fallback to `index.vue` for all other routes so that nuxt.js can handle routing internally.

<Note>
  Don't forget to exclude the <InlineCode>node_modules</InlineCode> folder from
  being uploaded to Now to enable faster deployment. To do that, add a{' '}
  <GenericLink href="/guides/prevent-uploading-sourcepaths-with-nowignore/">
    .nowignore
  </GenericLink>{' '}
  file to the root of the project directory and add{' '}
  <InlineCode>node_modules</InlineCode> to it.
</Note>

Your app is fully ready to be deployed to now:

<TerminalInput>now</TerminalInput>

Once the app is deployed, you will receive a deployment URL similar to the following:
https://deploying-a-nuxtjs-app-with-zeit-now-1hr46pjb3.now.sh/

> You can check out my deployed github repo [here](https://github.com/Developerayo/Deploying-a-Nuxt.js-app-with-ZEIT-Now).

Reviewer 3: github => GitHub

Author: Done

import Card from '~/components/card'

export const meta = {

>   title: 'Deploying a Static Nuxt.js app with Now',

Reviewer 4: I think either `SPA` or `Generated` makes more sense here
